NEXT-14586 Resolve Symfony 5.1 deprecations (#1759)
shopware/platform: changelog/_unreleased/2021-04-01-resolve-symfony-5-1-deprecations.md

---
title: Resolve Symfony 5.1 deprecations

> issue: NEXT-14586

Reviewer: Please complete the meta information according to [our contribution guideline](https://developer.shopware.com/docs/resources/guidelines/code/contribution#requirements-for-a-successful-pull-request) (`author`, `author_email`).

Author: I have added `author`, `author_email` and `author_github`.

---
# Core

> * Resolved Symfony 5.1 routing deprecation, by explicitly setting `framework.router.utf8` to `true`.

Reviewer: The changelog validator allows [certain keywords](https://github.com/shopware/platform/blob/trunk/adr/2020-08-03-Implement-New-Changelog.md#changelog-entries) only to encourage a more uniform style of writing.

```suggestion
* Changed `Core/Framework/Resources/config/packages/dev/routing.yaml` and `Core/Framework/Resources/config/packages/routing.yaml` to address the Symfony 5.1 routing deprecation, by explicitly setting `framework.router.utf8` to `true`.
```
